Add UserAuth containers (#75)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/user-auth/containers/sign-in.mdx

---
title: SignIn Container
description: Learn about the SignIn container in the UserAuth dropin.
---

import Diagram from '@components/Diagram.astro';
import Callouts from '@components/Callouts.astro';
import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';
import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

> The SignIn container helps render different screens that enable the customer to log in to an acount. The container supports multiple scenarios, including standard logins for existing accounts and for accounts that are process of being confirmed. If customers are required to confirm an email address to create an account, the **Stores** > Configuration > **Customers** > **Customer Configuration** > **Create New Account Options** > **Require Emails Confirmation** setting in the Commerce Admin must be set to **Yes**.

Reviewer: Consider breaking this into two paragraphs. The default styling enlarges the first paragraph similar to the devsite repos. When the first paragraph is large, it looks odd on the rendered page.

## Simple login

The standard login screen can be displayed when an account has already been created or confirmed, or when email configuration is disabled.

Upon a successful login, the SignIn container renders the [SuccessNotification](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/dropins/user-auth/containers/success-notification/) container. This container can be overridden using the Slots API.

Alternatively, if you pass the routeRedirectOnSignIn property, the user will be redirected to the specified URL after successful login. (Neither SuccessNotification nor Slot content will be rendered.)

<Diagram caption="SignIn standard login container">
  ![SignIn standard login container](@images/user-auth/sign-in-container.png)
</Diagram>

## Log in to an unconfirmed account

This scenario is applicable when email confirmation has been enabled, and the user has created an account, but has not confirmed their email.

> If the user attempts to log in with credentials for an unconfirmed account,they will see a custom notification allowing them to resend the confirmation email. When the user clicks on the **Resend confirmation email** link shown below, Commerce sends a new confirmation email to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user attempts to log in with credentials for an unconfirmed account, they will see a custom notification allowing them to resend the confirmation email. When the user clicks on the **Resend confirmation email** link shown below, Commerce sends a new confirmation email to the user.
```

<Diagram caption="SignIn standard login container">
  ![SignIn standard login container](@images/user-auth/sign-in-not-confirmed.png)
</Diagram>

## Confirmation from email

> The SignIn container handles an email confirmation when the user clicks on the confirmation link they received via email. The link format is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SignIn container processes email confirmations when users click on the confirmation link sent to their email. The link format is:
```

`https://mcstaging.aemshop.net/customer/account/confirm/?back_url=&email=<user_email>&id=<user_id>&key=<confirmation_key>`

The following steps describe the flow:

> * Email confirmation is enabled in the admin panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Email confirmation is enabled in the Commerce Admin.
```

* The user has created an account and received the email confirmation link.

> * The user clicks on the link and gets redirected to the email confirmation page with the SignIn drop-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The user clicks on the link and gets redirected to the email confirmation page with the SignIn dropin.
```

<Aside>

> To enable the email confirmation functionality, it is required to pass the `enableEmailConfirmation` prop with a true value during integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the email confirmation functionality, you must pass the `enableEmailConfirmation` property with a `true` value during integration.
```

    ['labels', 'Record<string, string>', 'No', 'Text that describes the container'],
    ['formSize', 'default | small', 'No', 'Controls form paddings and spacing. Use "small" to embed the form in small layout containers like a dropdown in the header.'],
    ['renderSignUpLink', 'boolean', 'No', 'Controls the visibility of the “Sign up” link next to the “Forgot Password” link.'],
    ['initialEmailValue', 'string', 'No', 'Allows passing an initial value for the email input (prefilled sign-in form).'],
    ['enableEmailConfirmation', 'boolean', 'No', 'Determines if this container is used to handle email confirmation.'],
    ['hideCloseBtnOnEmailConfirmation', 'boolean', 'No', 'Controls the visibility of the “Close” button on the email confirmation view.'],
    ['routeRedirectOnEmailConfirmationClose', 'function', 'No', 'Determines where the user is redirected when the “Close” button on the email confirmation view is clicked.'],
    ['routeForgotPassword', 'function', 'No', 'Determines where the “Forgot password?” link redirects the customer.'],

>     ['routeSignUp', 'function', 'No', 'Determines where the “Sign up” link redirects the customer (link visibility is based on the renderSignUpLink prop).'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['routeSignUp', 'function', 'No', 'Determines where the “Sign up” link redirects the customer (link visibility is based on the renderSignUpLink property).'],
```

    ['routeRedirectOnSignIn', 'function', 'No', 'Determines the page to which the user should be redirected after sign-in. If provided, the user won’t be redirected to the  SuccessNotification container or any slot-defined override.'],
    ['onSuccessCallback', 'function', 'No', 'Callback executed when the user successfully logs in, receiving userName and status as parameters.'],
    ['onErrorCallback', 'function', 'No', 'Callback executed when an error occurs, receiving the error object as a parameter.'],

>     ['onSignUpLinkClick', 'function', 'No', 'Executed on clicking the “Sign up” link before redirect (link visibility is based on the renderSignUpLink prop).'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['onSignUpLinkClick', 'function', 'No', 'Executed on clicking the “Sign up” link before redirect (link visibility is based on the renderSignUpLink property).'],
```
